
# Tech Hacks 3.0

## AI NFT GENERATOR
Generate NFTs just with few clicks
Enter text to get a image and then generate NFTs
of that image.

- Website link 👉 https://ai-nft-minter.web.app/
- PPT Link 👉 https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jjuuahOr4qpcu_AwvSxA7rRnV7j2PWXB/view

# Team - Open Source
## Team Member
- Pritam Kumar
- Srishti Kumar
- Muskan Rani
- Sadhvi

## Tech Stack

**Client:** React, Vite, TailwindCSS

**Server:** Solana Blockchain, Metaplex, Node, Express, Firebase function, Firebase Storage


## Installation

### Clone project 
```
git clone https://github.com/developer-pritam/TechHacks3.0.git
```

### Front End

```
cd client
npm i
npm run dev
```


### Backend 

Setup firebase 
```
cd backend/functions
npm i
firebase init
```

To run Backend, use the following command

```bash
cd backend/functions
npm i
npm run serve
```


## Key points
- Custom NFT generation
- No creation charge
- Security gurantee
- Fastest transactions


## FAQ

#### How can we mint NFT?
For minting NFT, follow following steps:
- Connect with Phantom wallet 
- User is required to provide text input 
- As per user text image is generated
- Image is saved to firebase 
- User recieve their NFT
- Transfer NFT to Phantom Wallet 
- Mint NFT

#### Is there any creation charge?
Generation of NFTs on our platform is 100% free, we only take royalty charge of NFTs

#### Does transcations are reflected in user wallet ?
NFTs are minted and is reflected in your wallet in seconds due the use of powerful Solana Blockchain. 
#### How the image is generated?

The image is generated with the help of Dalle Ai, which is a Image generation model by openAi.

#### Where the image is stored?

Currently the image is stored in our firebase database, but in future we are planning to store in IPFS based storage.
#### What is our benifit with this project?
We will get 10% royality for each NFT generated by out platform when they will be sold in future. 


## Lessons Learned
 


## Future Scope
- Allow users to upload their own images or provide a link to an image to be displayed on the NFT marketplace
- Implement a blockchain-based system to track and facilitate the buying and selling of NFTs on the platform
- Develop a custom token specifically for use in trading NFTs on the platform
- Expand the NFT marketplace to include a wider variety of NFTs, potentially including those from other blockchains
- Integrate additional features and tools to enhance the user experience and functionality of the NFT marketplace, such as a wallet for storing and managing tokens
- Explore partnerships and collaborations with other organizations or individuals involved in the NFT space to further grow and develop the platform.



## Support

For support, email nft@developerpritam.in .


## Acknowledgements/References

 - [How I built an AI Text-to-Art Generator | by Fathy Rashad | Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/how-i-built-an-ai-text-to-art-generator-a0c0f6d6f59f)
 - [Rust Program Quickstart | Solana Docs](https://docs.solana.com/getstarted/rust)
 - [How to create your first Cloud Function for Firebase | by Carlos Azaustre | Medium](https://medium.com/@carlosazaustre/how-to-create-your-first-cloud-function-for-firebase-17711831a67c)



